DOCSP-43078: Count documents (#24)
mongodb/docs-c: source/read/count.txt

     - | Specifies a comment to attach to the operation.
   
   * - ``skip``
     - | Sets the number of documents to skip before returning results.

   * - ``limit``
     - | Sets the maximum number of documents to count. Must be a positive integer.

   * - ``collation``
     - | Specifies the kind of language collation to use when sorting
         results. For more information, see :manual:`Collation </reference/collation/#std-label-collation>`
         in the {+mdb-server+} manual.

   * - ``hint``
     - | Sets the index to scan for documents.

For a complete list of options, see the `API Documentation <{+api-libmongoc+}/mongoc_collection_count_documents.html#parameters>`__
for ``mongoc_collection_count_documents()``.

The following example uses a ``bson_t`` structure to add a comment to the
``mongoc_collection_count_documents()`` operation:

.. io-code-block::
   :copyable:

   .. input:: /includes/read/count.c
      :start-after: start-count-options
      :end-before: end-count-options
      :language: c
      :dedent:

   .. output::
      :language: console
      :visible: false

      21349

.. _c-estimated-count:

Retrieve an Estimated Count
---------------------------

> Use the ``estimatedDocumentCount()`` function to retrieve an estimate of the number of

Reviewer: I: i think this should be:

```suggestion
Use the ``mongoc_collection_estimated_document_count()`` function to retrieve an estimate of the number of
```

Author: Good catch!
